Add initial page on executable papers (#26)
jatkinson1000/versionable-papers: docs/executable_papers.md

# Previous work on executable papers

## Jupyter notebooks (and similar tools like R markdown)

- These are live notebooks that combine code, figures and text, providing context to analysis in ways that are not possible with simple code scripts
- Whilst most papers contain a single snapshot of a figure, authors can share notebooks along with their paper showcasing the code used to generate each figure

> - These can be made accessible with the use of cloud-based paltforms such as binder and google colab, allowing others to run notebooks directly from their browser without having to downlaod code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These can be made accessible with the use of cloud-based platforms such as binder and google colab, allowing others to run notebooks directly from their browser without having to download code
```

- Researchers can continue to update and maintain these notebooks after inital publication of the article

> - However, this is still separate from the paper itself, and any changes/updates will note be reflected in the original article

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- However, **this is still separate from the paper** itself, and any changes/updates will not be reflected in the original article
```
